For the week of February first to February fith. Tyler and I worked on and completed the app feature list, which contains the different workouts, the different functions, and settings for the app.  I also started the creation of the app in android studio.  However, none of the coding was actually completed.  I also researched how to install and use android studio including the subjects of creating an app, coding an app, and running the app on a virtual machine.  We also came up with some alternate features including a time exclusion feature, and possibly a step counter.  I installed the java SDK in order to properly run android studio and create the app.  Tyler mainly worked on the workouts and different muscle group organization.  During this week I installed git bash for my computer and learned somewhat how to use it.  I still need help working it. two more

For the week of February 8th to the date of february 12th. Tyler and I continued to learn about how android studio functions.  None of the actual coding has been completed but the folder has been created for the app.  I am still currently learning how to work the ins and outs of android studio.  I have been experiencing problems getting it to open and am currently working on how to solve that.  Tyler has been also learning how to work android studio but I do not know how much progress he has made in his endevours.  I am also experiencing problems with git hub, I do not know if it is me not entering commands correctly or if it is the program itself.  So far there has been little progress in making the actual app and I hope to fix this problem in the next week or so, hopefully

For the week of February 15th to the date of February 19th, Tyler and I furthered our research into the workings of the program known as android studio, I myself have been struggling to understand how to work it and the guides i have been looking up on the internet are not helping as much as i would like them to.  Tyler's progress is unknown to me but i am sure he is probably doing better than i am on getting adroid studio to work.  I am still having git hub problems and i do not quite understand what is wrong but i am trying to resolve them.  My development journal is not very helpful seeing as how there has not been much or any progress at all.  hopefully more progress is made next week and Tyler and I will be able to meet our first deliverable.  End of entry.

For the week of February twenty second to the date of february twenty sixth Tyler and I have continued to attempt to learn how to use android studio.  I myself have been finding it very challenging and am having trouble working it.  I have also resolved my git hub problems and so this development journal should be added and up to date as of this entry.  I have also added the feature list to the git hub repository.  Not much progress has been made towards the actual app but i still hope that we will be able to get the app somewhat made at some point.  Tyler and I plan to try and make some progress this weekend on the app, I do not know whether we will be successful but we will have at least made some effort.  This is my development journal for this week and is hopefully now over or equal to 150 words.

For the week of february twenty eight to the date of march fourth Tyler and I continued to further our education and knowledge of the program know as android studio.  The instructor by the name of Robert Schreiber introduced Tyler and I to an online course in the field of android studio.  The online course is run through a website that goes by the name of Udacity.  The course is absolutley free and consists of many videos explaining the concepts of android studio and how to use some of its parts.  I have resolved my git hub issues and hopefully this will be pushed into the repository on time.  I plan to watch the videos during the free time i have a home and hopefully in class as well.  However, I will not be here for the next work day due to an Acedemic Decathlon meeting.  This concludes my journal entry for the week.

For the week of march 7th to the date of march 11th Tyler and I continued to learn about the inner workings and how to use android studio.  I was gone for the friday of the 11th so i was not able to work with him at all this week but on the bright side i placed gold in science for the state competition of academic decathlon and bronze in math.  I am continuing to watch the udacity videos on android studio and am finding them way more helpful than the text document we were reading before hand.  The udacity videos are very helpful and I plan to continue using them for the duration of the project.  Tyler and I hope to finish the udacity videos by the end of this week and begin to actually develop the app and hope it doesnt turn out to be a complete failure.

For the week of March 14th to the date of March 18th Tyler and I continued to work on our project, I have recently learned how to add the on click commands to the xml files.  Tyler has completed most if not all the xml files and we have the layout almost completly done.  The on click commands can be done in two different ways and Tyler and I are currently debating on which style to use.  I hope to use the on click command that runs through the xml coding and runs a method in a seperate activity.  The activities still need to be made and coded in order to run the appropriate xml files.  Each activity will need to be linked to an xml file and I plan on learning that next week. This concludes my development journal for this week and it should now be equal to or greater than the 150 word requirement given by Schreiber.

For the week of March 28th to the date of April 1st.  Tyler and I have gotten much done.  We have succesfully completed the layout of our app and are now working on implementing the onclick commands for the buttons.  We have recently encountered a problem with the git functionality on android studio but we plan on having schreiber help us with that on monday.  There appears to be a root problem with some of the files but we hope to figure that out before monday.  Over the weekend I also plan to resolve the class issues, all the class names are lower cased and I need to go through and capitalize every one of them.  That sounds like a pain but it needs to be done.  This shall conclude my development journal for this week and it should now finally be equal to the one hundred fifty word constraint.

For the week of April 3rd to April 8th, Our project went to total and complete garbage.  The entire project just flat out broke.  Almost everything is just broken.  I plan to take any salvageable files and transfer them over to a new repository.  I do not know how long this will take but I hope I can get it done within the next week or so because I do not want to waste a ton of time trying to fix the damage that is done.  I am probably just going to redo a bunch of the onclick methods and have tyler fix the xmls.  Hopefully we can avoid this problem in the future and just finish the project and get it over with.  This concludes my development journal for the week of april 3rd to the 8th and it is now equal to or over the 150 word requirement

For the week of April 10th to April 15th Tyler and I decided that fixing everything would take to long so I started the transfer of files to a new repository.  I have some of them done already but it is probably going to take a while.  TYler is having problems accessing the project from his computer so we are going to have schreiber try and fix that for him.  I hope that schreiber can fix it soon because I don't know how to do the xml files and tyler needs to finish and recreate some of them.  This concludes my development journal for the week of April 10th to April 15th and is now hopefully equal to or greater than the 150 word requirement.

For the week of April 18th to April 22nd, I continued to trasfer files to the new repository while tyler did nothing.  It's not his fault but I hope that he will be able to fix his project soon so that he can fix the xml files.  Other than that nothing else really happened this week all i'm doing is transfering files and Tyler is trying to fix his project.  That's it nothing else has occured in the development of our project this week.  This will conclude my development journal for this week and the word count is hopefully over or equal to the 150 word requirement.

For the week of April 24th to April 29th, I continued to transfer files over and finished the transfering.  Other than that nothing else was done, Tyler and I were more focused on the AP test than actually fixing the project so other than the transfer being completed nothing else was accomplished.  Hopefully after the AP test we can acutally devote more time to the project and get it fixed.  This has been yet another uneventful week in the development of 30 seconds of mayhem and hopefully will be the last one. This concludes my development journal for the week and it is now hopefully greater than or equal to the 150 word requirement.  

For the week of May 1st to May 5th, The great magical lord of schreiber blessed tyler's laptop with the ability to fuction.  And by that i mean scheiber fixed the project on tyler's computer.  I don't know how he did it but after the period it worked.  Since the AP test is now over TYler and I can devote more time to the project and fix whatever is wrong with it.  TYler fixed some of the xmls but not many but over the next few weeks TYler should be able to fix all of them, while i will implement the onclicks for some of the new java files.  This will conclude my development journal for the week of May 1st to May 5th and it is now hopefully greater than or equal to the 150 word requirement.

For the week of May 8th to May 13th Tyler and I decided to upgrade android studio to 2.0.  After this upgrade the xmls had to be changed and tyler took care of that.  After that I wrote descriptions of the workouts to put into the app.  This took a little bit of time.  I also finished all of the onclick for the new xml files and java files.  This should be all of the files needed for the layout of the app however I fear that by the time we present we will not have finished any of the other features.  But hey, at least we have the layouts done.  This concludes my development journal for the week of May 8th to May 13th and it should now be greater than or equal to the 150 words requirement.

For the week of May 16th to May 20th Tyler and I started working on our presentation for next wednesday.  Tyler started working on the speech doing mainly the intro paragraphs while i did the body paragraphs.  I added in humour to some of the paragraphs so they're not so dry and boring. I also created the powerpoint, which basically consists of dank memes and a short video.  Other than that the app had little to no work on it since we are out of time to add anything significant or worthwile.  Hopefully our presentation will make up for our app.  I have also added all my development journals to the repository.  I was storing them in a google doc in case the repository failed again.  This concludes my development journal for this week and it should now hopefully be greater than or equal to the 150 word requirement enforced by schreiber
